You're going to rob the restaurant?
Who are you, Wang Qianju?
What are you doing here?
Shopkeeper Tang's
Anyway, your restaurant can't be opened anymore
Why don't you sell him to me at Hanhai Restaurant?
You think beautifully
This little
Brother has bought my restaurant
What's the name of this little brother?
Free surname Linha
Lin Xiaotian
You are afraid that you have been tricked by this shopkeeper Pang
Your business on the 9th floor has been taken away by me
You can't make money at all if you buy it.
In this way, you transfer this 9th floor to me.
How about double the price?
I still want to try
The two of you should be friends.
Well, the shopkeeper's
Let's keep trading.
OK
What do you mean?
Are you unwilling to give me the face of doing this?
But how much is your face worth?
Good, very good.
How dare you stand up to me?
Is this restaurant closed?
hum
Come come
Come come come
Everyone
Let's go today
Spicy crayfish is officially open